WB Robert the Dragon Slayer
BW Page 

BW Once upon a time there was a young man named Robert. He was an alcoholic who loved driving.
BW One day he was out partying with friends, and was offered a drink.
WR 2: Accept the drink
WR 3: Don't accept the drink

BW Robert drinks the beverage handed to him. He begins to feel woozy.
BW He puts his hand to his pocket and feels the shape of his car keys. An idea starts to form in his head.
WR 4: Go for a drive
WR 5: Swallow the keys

BW Robert makes the wise decision not to take the drink.
BW However, his alcohol addiction starts to act up, and Robert begins to feel the itch.
WR 6: Scratch arm in the middle of the party
WR 7: Head to the bathroom to scratch arm

BW Robert leaves the party, gets in his car and starts speeding down the road at 100 km/h in a school zone.
BW He approaches a red light at a 4-way.
WR 8: Stop
WR 9: Run red light

BW Robert drops the keys down his gullet and chokes to death.
RW GAME OVER

BW Robert pulls up his sleeve and begins scratching.
BW All heads turn to the addict scratching away.
WR 10: Scratch harder
WR 4: Run out of party and hop in car

BW On your way to the bathroom, Robert is stopped by one of the party jocks.
BW "Woah there, where are you going?"
WR 11: Explain addiction
WR 12: Stab him with car keys

BW Stopping abruptly throws Robert out of the windshield and he dies.
RW GAME OVER

BW Robert miraculously passes through the 4-way traffic without getting hit.
BW He continues onto the highway and begins to approach a dragon's lair.
RW 13: Drive car into cave entrance
RW 14: Leave car before entering

BW Robert starts scratching his arm furiously. Pieces of heroin needles fly everywhere.
BW One of the party jocks approaches him to get him to stop.
WR 12: Stab him with car keys
WR 15: Stab him with heroin needle

BW Robert explains his addiction to the jock, who then helps Robert into drug rehab.
RW GAME OVER

BW Robert plunges his car keys into the jock's stomach.
BW The jock swings back and knocks Robert out.
WR 16: Wake up in ER
WR 17: Enter comatose state

BW Robert drives the car at top speed and slams into the dragon.
BW The dragon glares angrily at him before breathing fire on his car, blowing Robert and his car to smithereens.
RW Game Over

BW Robert creeps out of his car and into the cave and hides behind a stalagmite.
BW Occupying much of the space of the cave is the dragon. He is sleeping.
WR 18: Throw rock at dragon
WR 19: Ask dragon for marijuana

BW The heroin steroids cause the jock to grow into a giant dragon.
WR 18

